My card was stolen and I see a couple of fraud charges on it
There are suspicious charges on my account
there are some suspicious charges on my card
There are charges I didn't authorize.
I see a unknown transaction
i see a fraudulent charge on my card 
I need to contest a charge on my credit statement
I see some suspicious activity on my card
something i didn't buy showed up in my transactions
i would like to dispute a credit card charge
My credit card has a charge I wasn't responsible for
There's an error on my card
I have fraudulent chargers on my card
I have a fraudulent charge on my card ending 1234
I want to dispute some of the charges on my card. 
I didn't make some of the purchases on the card.
There's a charge on my visa that I don't recognize
My card has an incorrect charge
i have a suspicious charge on my account
There are charges on my card that I don't recognize
My card has some suspicious activity
I don't recognize a card transaction
Looks like someone is using my credit card
I've noticed some suspicious activity on my credit card
My card has a fraudulent charge.
There is a fraudulent charge on my card.
My credit card has a fraudulent charge.
There is a fraudulent charge on my credit card.
My account has a fraudulent charge.
There is a fraudulent charge on my account.
My card has an incorrect charge.
There is an incorrect charge on my card.
My credit card has an incorrect charge.
There is an incorrect charge on my credit card.
My account has an incorrect charge.
There is an incorrect charge on my account.
report fraud
report fraudulent activity
fraudulent activity
suspicious activity
report a fraudulent transaction
I want to report a suspicious transaction
I don't recognize this transaction
I want to report a fraudulent transaction
I want to report a transaction as fraud
Someone has access to my card
Someone is using my card without permission
Someone stole my card numbers
I got hit with fraud
I have fraud
Someone has my account information
Someone is charging my card
This company is charging me when they shouldn't be
I canceled this subscription months ago but they keep charging me
I need a new card because mine is being used by someone else
Someone is stealing my money
Someone is buying stuff with my money
I didn't buy that
Report suspicious purchases
My card has a charge I didn't make
There is a charge on my card I don't recognize 
Someone has been making charges on my card
This wasn't me
I didn't make this charge
I don't recognize this charge
I don't recognize this purchase
not my purchase
this charge is fraudulent
dispute this charge
report unknown charge
report unknown purchase
unknown purchase
What is this charge for?
fraud purchase
fraud charge
fraud charges
unknown charge
unknown purchase
questionable charge
Who made this charge
unrecognized charge 
There are bad charges on my card
I’d like to report a fraudulent charge
how do i report a fraudulent charge on my account
I have a fraudulent charge what do i do
my card information was stolen
there are fraudulent charges on my account
My card has been hacked
What do I do if I didn't buy that?
Is this fraud?
I think someone is using my card
My card was hacked
I was hacked
I need to report theft
I need to report fraudulent charges
There are fraudulent charges on my account
